Elasticsearch and stack - self managed tutorial 1 complete refinement (#5636)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/tutorial-self-managed-install.md

* {{kib}} connects to {{es}} using the enrollment flow from the initial {{es}} setup.

> * HTTPS for browser-to-{{kib}} communication is **not configured** in this tutorial, although it is strongly recommended for production environments. {{kib}} HTTPS is covered in [Tutorial 2: Customize certificates for a self-managed {{stack}}](tutorial-self-managed-secure.md).

Reviewer: should we say "if you just want kibana https and want to keep using our certs, look here instead"?

Author: not necessarily, as with other comments it will depend on the exact scope of the tutorial 2.

Anyway in the tutorial 2 we will also link to the official doc that covers Kibana SSL and even mTLS, so the pointer will still be ok without needing to add multiple links.

* {{fleet-server}} is installed using the Quick Start flow, which uses a self-signed certificate for its HTTPS endpoint.
* {{agent}} enrolls using that Quick Start flow, which requires the install command to include the `--insecure` flag.

> If you plan to use certificates signed by your organization's certificate authority or by a public CA, complete this tutorial until {{kib}} is installed (Step 7), and then continue with [Tutorial 2: Customize certificates for a self-managed {{stack}}](tutorial-self-managed-secure.md) before installing {{fleet-server}} and {{agent}}.

Author: Yeah, I have a bit of mixed feelings with this paragraph and the huge admonition you are also referring.

The next big PR I'm working with is for the second tutorial, which needs to be almost completely rewritten, so my expectation is that after that tutorial-2 is changes we might be able to provide a better path and better links do the exact steps on the second tutorial to apply the needed actions.

    It can take a minute or two for {{kib}} to start up, so refresh the page if you don't see a prompt right away.

1. When {{kib}} starts, you're prompted for an enrollment token. You must generate this token in {{es}}:

   1. Return to the terminal session on the first {{es}} node.

   1. Run the `elasticsearch-create-enrollment-token` command with the `-s kibana` option to generate a {{kib}} enrollment token:

      ```shell
      sudo /usr/share/elasticsearch/bin/elasticsearch-create-enrollment-token -s kibana
      ```

   1. Copy the generated enrollment token from the command output and paste it into the enrollment prompt in the browser.

1. Click **Configure Elastic**.

1. If you're prompted to provide a verification code, copy and paste in the six digit code that was returned by the `status` command. Then, wait for the setup to complete.

1. When the **Welcome to Elastic** page appears, sign in with the `elastic` superuser account and the password that was generated when you installed the first {{es}} node.

1. Click **Log in**.

{{kib}} is now fully set up and communicating with your {{es}} cluster.

> :::{admonition} Important: Stop here if you plan to use your own TLS/SSL certificates

Reviewer: if we do this the message will be in a more eye catching color

```suggestion
:::{warning} - Stop here if you plan to use your own TLS/SSL certificates
```
